For my next magic trick, I'm going to make you take your code and put it on GitHub now wait for it,
because all you need to do right now is make sure you made your GitHub account and make sure that you're
logged into GitHub on the main browser of your computer.
And then let's hop back to Visual Studio Code, because the last thing we did, the last thing we did
was we had some changes that we stored.
And so let's undo some of these random changes that happened here.
We had all of our changes stored in GIT.
But what we need to know here is that git is tracking everything locally on our computer and all of
the revisions and all of the changes that are happening to our files are just happening on our hard
disk locally.
And by pushing them up, pushing is determined.
Get by pushing them up to GitHub.
Now they're in the cloud.
Now we're creating a back up that is public and this is optional.
Obviously, you do not need to do this.
You can still do all of your get stuff locally and you can forego doing the GitHub thing if you want.
But it is an industry standard and it's good to learn how GitHub works because it's a tool that is widely
used in the industry.
So we have our GitHub account are empty shell of git hub.
Now, if we went here and we said push, push to where are we going to push you?
Well, your repository has no remotes configured.
A remote is a place to push Pushtu.
So remote in this case would be git hub.
So that's where we want to end up pushing, too.
So let's say add remote now we don't have any remotes.
Please provide a tutorial or add remote from GitHub.
So let's click that because that sounds nice.
Let's go about doing that.
Huh?
Wow.
What's happening here?
Well, what's what's what's going on?
Is it stuck?
Well, if this happens to you where it just stuck in the state, make sure to put Visual Studio Code
and restart visual studio code, make sure that you do this because sometimes it can get stuck in this
state.
OK, so let's see here.
If we go back to source control.
Right.
And we opened recent we opened documents for focus time.
It seems that my specific installation of visual studio code is corrupt, so let's let's go and fix
that.
So if I say visual studio code, what's going on here?
It seems that my visual studio code corrupted itself temporarily and I had to restart it.
OK, so let's go ahead and open recent focus time.
All right, so focus time is over here, and if we go back to our source control, we already committed
all of our changes locally, but now we want to push them to GitHub.
So we said Pushtu and we set aside remote and then we said Adelmo from GitHub.
So now it's working again.
So this can happen.
You can corrupt your local whatever visual studio code is not a perfect software.
Things can happen.
So make sure to restart Visual Studio code.
If you get stuck on a step or it's not showing you a certain thing, restarting usually solves the problem.
Otherwise reach out to our community.
So we're going to hit allow and now it's going to go over here.
It's going to say, hey, authorized visual studio code to access GitHub.
Cool, let's do that and let's authorize GitHub.
Let's open visual studio code now.
So now it's going to ask you to open visual studio code.
So let's do that.
And so now it's going to say allow extension to open the AURI.
What we're going to say, we're going to allow that as well.
So this process is the authentication between GitHub and Visual Studio Code, our coding environment.
So let's say open.
And so writing login information to key chain failed channel name encryption timed out, huh?
What is happening there?
So we'll go to the troubleshoot guide.
If the key change throws an error, then we need to go to the keychain app and we need to unlock it.
Huh, interesting.
OK, so we're in the Log-in that's done, we're in the system, so what do we need to do here?
Open the keychain app and right.
Click on the login keychain and lock and unlock it again.
So let's say lock the key chain.
And let's say unlock the keychain and let's say our password.
OK, so we unlocked it again.
And so now what we want to do is we want to go back to Visual Studio Code.
All of a sudden, we have access interesting because it failed before, right?
So now locking and unlocking the key chain solve that issue.
So let's see if it actually really did solve the issue, so let's go back to GitHub and let's create
a repository, new repository and let's call it focus time.
And I'm going to call it Mac specifically.
I'm going to say my focus to map.
Right, but this is going to create the repository, and then once I create this repository, I can
go back into visual studio code.
And what I want to do here is I want to go back to here remote pusch I want to say Pushtu and then say
no remotes configure.
So let's add a remote and then let's say at a remote from GitHub and now it should have access to everything.
So what just happened?
First of all, let's select focus time back and then let's provide a remote name and we're going to
call it origin.
And so once we set up Origin, we can say.
And then we can say Master has no upstream branch, would you like to publish?
Yes.
So now we're publishing and you can see the little arrow going on here, we're going to say don't do
not periodically run, get fetch.
This means the Visual Studio code is going to pull code for you.
We don't want that.
So let's go over here and if we refresh the screen.
Our code is suddenly here.
OK, so let's slow this down.
What happened here?
Well, first of all, we went through the process of linking Visual Studio Code to GitHub.
Then we went through the process of going to our key chain.
Right.
Our key chain up.
Because we saw an error and we locked.
We locked and unlocked our key chain and filled in our users password here, the password for the user
that you login with on your Mac and locking and unlocking that key chain allowed visual studio code
to now suddenly have the ability to push to.
Origin, and by allowing that, we can now push changes to GitHub, so let's say if I, for instance,
added a console log here, this is going to GitHub and I said console dot log has the message.
And I staged this change and I committed this change.
Well, if we go look on GitHub right now, right on our GitHub and we said it was going to be an app
that yes, well, currently there is no console log there.
But if we go inside here and we say.
Right, we just say push, well, now it's going to push and as it pushes, if we go back into GitHub
and we refresh, this is going to get up.
So we're able to publish our changes to the cloud.
Now, this is optional.
It is optional to link it to GitHub.
And if if you run into a brick wall here, that's completely OK, you can still continue the course.
It's not going to be a block or you're just not going to be able to publish it to the cloud.
You're still going to be able to to code along and keep going along with the course.
Now, the reason that we show this is because it's a vital tool in the industry and it's good to learn
early on.